Build a modern, polished web application based on the following API contract and UI requirements.
Backend API
There is an existing backend endpoint:
POST /tokenise

Request model:

class TokeniseRequest(BaseModel):
    inputText: str
    modelName: str | None = None

The endpoint is called like this:
{
  "inputText": "text entered by the user",
  "modelName": "selected model"
}

It returns:
{
  "text": "the original input text",
  "tokens": ["token1", "token2", "token3"],
  "tokenCount": 3
}

The frontend must treat the backend response as the source of truth. Do not implement tokenization logic in the frontend.
For now, make the backend base URL configurable through an environment variable rather than hard-coding it into the UI.

UI
Create a single-page application with a clean, minimal, developer-tool aesthetic.
The main screen should have:

A large text input area occupying most of the upper portion of the page.
A model selector dropdown next to or above the main action.
A prominent primary action button.
A results area that initially remains empty/hidden.
After the API request succeeds, show the total number of tokens prominently.
Below the count, visually render every token returned by the API.
Each token should appear as an individual visual element.
Give consecutive tokens different colors so that token boundaries are immediately obvious.
Preserve whitespace and special characters exactly as returned by the API.
Tokens should wrap naturally onto multiple lines.
Each token should have a subtle border/background and enough padding to make individual boundaries clear.
Include the token index in a subtle way so that individual tokens can be inspected.
Show useful loading and error states.
Disable the action button while the request is in progress.
Handle an empty input gracefully.
Handle API errors gracefully.
Visual direction
Use a sophisticated developer-tool interface rather than a generic form.
Think of the visual language of modern developer tools:

Dark background.
Large centered content area.
Subtle borders.
Rounded cards.
Monospace typography for the token visualization.
Muted secondary text.
One strong accent color for interactive controls.
Plenty of whitespace.
Smooth but restrained hover/focus states.
The token visualization should be the visual centerpiece of the application.
For example, if the API returns:

{
  "tokens": ["Hello", " world", "!"],
  "tokenCount": 3
}

the UI should visually distinguish:
Hello world !

with three different colors while preserving the leading space in " world".

API integration
Create a small, clean API client layer rather than putting the fetch logic throughout the UI.
The request should be:

POST /tokenise

Content-Type: application/json

{
  "inputText": "...",
  "modelName": "..."
}

Use the configured backend URL.
Do not create a fake tokenization implementation or mock the API in the final application.

Keep the frontend and API integration clean enough that the backend URL and available model names can easily be changed later.

Important
Do not assume or invent the tokenization algorithm.
Do not calculate the token count on the client.

Do not split the input text on whitespace.

The backend's tokens array and tokenCount are authoritative.

Build and run the application so I can immediately see the finished UI.